Release notes for 2022.10.0 monthly (#3672)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022/index.md

title: Okta API Products release notes 2022
---

## October

### Monthly release 2022.10.0

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Additional measures for suspicious SMS and Voice requests](#additional-measures-for-suspicious-sms-and-voice-requests) | October 5, 2022 |
| [Dynamic IdP routing is GA in Production](#dynamic-idp-routing-is-ga-in-production) | June 8, 2022 |
| [Improved ThreatInsight coverage](#improved-threatinsight-coverage) | October 5, 2022 |
| [Improved User API sort](#improved-user-api-sort) | October 5, 2022 |
| [Non-deletable default authorization server is GA in Production](#non-deletable-default-authorization-server-is-ga-in-production) | August 31, 2022 |

> | [OAuth 2.0 authentication for inline hooks is Self-Service EA in Preview](#oauth-20-authentication-for-inline-hooks-is-self-service-ea-in-preview) | October 5, 2022 |

Reviewer: This link appears to be broken

Author: fixed

#### OAuth 2.0 authentication for inline hooks is Self-Service EA in Preview

Okta inline hook calls to third-party external web services previously provided only header-based authentication for security. Although sent with SSL, the header or custom header authentication didn’t meet more stringent security requirements for various clients and industries.

To improve the security of inline hooks, Okta now supports authentication with OAuth 2.0 access tokens. Tokens ensure secure calls to external web services.

When creating inline hooks in the Admin Console (or by API), administrators or developers can now select OAuth 2.0 authentication and choose between two methods of OAuth 2.0: Client Secret or Private Key. A new [Key Management API](/docs/reference/api/hook-keys/) and Admin Console page is also available to create public/private key pairs for use with OAuth 2.0 inline hooks. See [Key management](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-key-management).

> Using the OAuth 2.0 framework provides better security than Basic Authentication or custom headers, and is less work than setting up an IP allowlisting solution. Clients also have the ability to use access tokens minted by their own custom authorization servers to guarantee that Okta is calling their client web services and isn't triggered by any external actors. See [Add an event hook](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-add-event-hooks). <!--OKTA-537306-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the OAuth 2.0 framework provides better security than Basic Authentication or custom headers, and is less work than setting up an IP allowlisting solution. Clients also have the ability to use access tokens minted by their own custom authorization servers to guarantee that Okta is calling their client web services and isn't triggered by any external actors. See [Add an inline hook](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-add-inline-hook). <!--OKTA-537306-->
```

Reviewer: Incorrect h.o.c link.
